README.md, before:

# intune-local-explorer-extension
Intune package for Local Explorer application extension

## [Microsoft-Win32-Content-Prep-Tool](https://github.com/microsoft/Microsoft-Win32-Content-Prep-Tool)

Microsoft utility to create the .intunewin file.

Version 1.8.3

PLEASE REVIEW THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND PRIVACY POLICIES BEFORE USING THIS TOOL.

[Microsoft License Terms for Microsoft Win32 Content Prep Tool](https://github.com/Microsoft/Microsoft-Win32-Content-Prep-Tool/blob/master/Microsoft%20License%20Terms%20For%20Win32%20Content%20Prep%20Tool.pdf)

[Microsoft Intune Privacy Statement](https://docs.microsoft.com/legal/intune/microsoft-intune-privacy-statement)


## [VNProDev - Local Explorer Extension](https://www.vnprodev.com/browser-extensions/local-explorer-install.php)

Located under [src](src) is the helper executable developed by [VNProDev](https://www.vnprodev.com/browser-extensions/local-explorer-install.php).
As noted on their site, it is free to use.

Version: 1.3.3.0 (32bit)

Silent Installation: ```LocalExplorer.exe /S```

Silent Uninstallation: ```Uninstall.exe /S```

Default Installation/Detection Rule Path: ```C:\Program Files (x86)\LocalExplorer```

Detection Rule File: ```LocalExplorer.exe``` or ```Uninstall.exe```

## License

**Both utlities remain the Intellectual Property and Copyright of the respective owners Microsoft and VNProDev.**

For other material:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Jason Hambly

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Instructions to generate the file.

README.md, after:

# intune-local-explorer-extension
Intune package for Local Explorer application extension

## [Microsoft-Win32-Content-Prep-Tool](https://github.com/microsoft/Microsoft-Win32-Content-Prep-Tool)

Microsoft utility to create the .intunewin file.

Version 1.8.3

PLEASE REVIEW THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND PRIVACY POLICIES BEFORE USING THIS TOOL.

[Microsoft License Terms for Microsoft Win32 Content Prep Tool](https://github.com/Microsoft/Microsoft-Win32-Content-Prep-Tool/blob/master/Microsoft%20License%20Terms%20For%20Win32%20Content%20Prep%20Tool.pdf)

[Microsoft Intune Privacy Statement](https://docs.microsoft.com/legal/intune/microsoft-intune-privacy-statement)


## [VNProDev - Local Explorer Extension](https://www.vnprodev.com/browser-extensions/local-explorer-install.php)

Located under [src](src) is the helper executable developed by [VNProDev](https://www.vnprodev.com/browser-extensions/local-explorer-install.php).
As noted on their site, it is free to use.

Version: 1.3.3.0 (32bit)

Silent Installation: ```LocalExplorer.exe /S```

Silent Uninstallation: ```Uninstall.exe /S```

Default Installation/Detection Rule Path: ```C:\Program Files (x86)\LocalExplorer```

Detection Rule File: ```LocalExplorer.exe``` or ```Uninstall.exe```

## Generating the .intunewin file

To generate the output .intunewin file, simpily run the ```generate.cmd``` script, or its contents. The output file will be placed in the ```target``` directory.

## License

**Both utlities remain the Intellectual Property and Copyright of the respective owners Microsoft and VNProDev.**

For other material:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Jason Hambly

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
